#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   botbuilder-integration-aiohttp
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   llama-index-core
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.2.0
    # via aiohttp
azure-core==1.30.2
    # via msrest
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via unstructured
botbuilder-core==4.15.0
    # via botbuilder-integration-aiohttp
botbuilder-integration-aiohttp==4.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
botbuilder-schema==4.15.0
    # via
    #   botbuilder-core
    #   botbuilder-integration-aiohttp
    #   botframework-connector
    #   botframework-streaming
botframework-connector==4.15.0
    # via
    #   botbuilder-core
    #   botbuilder-integration-aiohttp
    #   botframework-streaming
botframework-streaming==4.15.0
    # via botbuilder-core
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   msrest
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   nltk
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   llama-index-core
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via unstructured-client
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via llama-index-core
dirtyjson==1.0.8
    # via llama-index-core
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   groq
    #   openai
duckduckgo-search==6.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
emoji==2.12.1
    # via unstructured
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via anyio
fastembed==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.15.1
    # via huggingface-hub
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via onnxruntime
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.6.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index-core
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
groq==0.9.0
    # via langchain-groq
grpcio==1.64.1
    # via
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-tools==1.64.1
    # via qdrant-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.1.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.0.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx[http2]==0.27.0
    # via
    #   groq
    #   llama-index-core
    #   llamaindex-py-client
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
    #   unstructured-client
huggingface-hub==0.23.4
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   tokenizers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via h2
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via markdown
isodate==0.6.1
    # via msrest
joblib==1.4.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonpickle==1.4.2
    # via botbuilder-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.2.5
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.2.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-groq
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
langchain-groq==0.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.2.1
    # via langchain
langchainhub==0.1.20
    # via -r requirements.in
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langgraph==0.0.69
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.1.80
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
llama-index-core==0.10.46
    # via llama-parse
llama-parse==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
llamaindex-py-client==0.1.19
    # via llama-index-core
loguru==0.7.2
    # via fastembed
lxml==5.2.2
    # via unstructured
markdown==3.6
    # via unstructured
marshmallow==3.21.3
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   unstructured-client
mmh3==4.1.0
    # via fastembed
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.28.1
    # via botframework-connector
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   botbuilder-schema
    #   botframework-connector
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   unstructured-client
networkx==3.2.1
    # via llama-index-core
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   llama-index-core
    #   unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   llama-index-core
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
    #   qdrant-client
    #   unstructured
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
onnx==1.16.1
    # via fastembed
onnxruntime==1.18.0
    # via fastembed
openai==1.34.0
    # via llama-index-core
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
orjson==3.10.5
    # via
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchainhub
    #   marshmallow
    #   onnxruntime
    #   unstructured-client
pandas==2.2.2
    # via llama-index-core
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   llama-index-core
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via qdrant-client
protobuf==5.27.1
    # via
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.7.4
    # via
    #   groq
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   llamaindex-py-client
    #   openai
    #   qdrant-client
pydantic-core==2.18.4
    # via pydantic
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   botframework-connector
    #   msal
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via unstructured-client
pyreqwest-impersonate==0.4.8
    # via duckduckgo-search
pystemmer==2.2.0.1
    # via fastembed
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
python-iso639==2024.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   llama-index-core
qdrant-client==1.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rapidfuzz==3.9.3
    # via unstructured
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   fastembed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchainhub
    #   langsmith
    #   llama-index-core
    #   msal
    #   msrest
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via msrest
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via unstructured-client
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   isodate
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   groq
    #   httpx
    #   openai
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via fastembed
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy[asyncio]==2.0.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   llama-index-core
sympy==1.12.1
    # via onnxruntime
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   llama-index-core
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   llama-index-core
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via fastembed
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   fastembed
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index-core
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   unstructured
types-requests==2.31.0.6
    # via langchainhub
types-urllib3==1.26.25.14
    # via types-requests
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   emoji
    #   groq
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   llama-index-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   llama-index-core
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
unstructured[md]==0.14.6
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.23.7
    # via unstructured
urllib3==1.26.19
    # via
    #   botbuilder-schema
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   llama-index-core
    #   unstructured
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   botbuilder-integration-aiohttp
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
